Best hunting game ever created.
The best game in Assassin's creed franchise in my opinion. The story is so good!
very shooty much nice
It's a good game. However Horde mode slightly lets me down. But the shooting is still very nice !
Really fun game with plenty to do about, it would be even better if there would be more modding for the game.
It is quite a good game.  Add mods, and it becomes better.
best game made me want to break things but in a good way
Play this with your dates and get your knob wet! Or play this with your friends and get yelled at
Best Tom Clancy game I've ever played. I never get tired of playing this game.
Classic style and very challenging, but tons of fun. I can't even beat the entire game. I would still highly recommend this game to anyone.
Not worth it
Bad data handling policies at Paradox prevent me from recommending any of their games. CK2 in particular is an especially egregious example. The original purchase agreement was altered from opt out data collection to forced data collection with no compensation given. Changing the base game to free did not help at all since those who bought it already paid for the privilege of having their data stolen all the time and local data sometimes deleted despite settings preventing updates.
I really wanted to like this game. Unfortunately, I found it frenetic, and the opening levels didn't give the sense of achievement that helps you pursue success at more difficult levels. Having to go around counters which are in your way right from the beginning, is very frustrating. No chef in their right mind would set up such a crappy working layout, and it drove me batty.
Don't play this game.
I only recommend for hardcore AS fans just for story purposes not like the story is very good to begin with. Although it is set in one of my favourite historic time periods, The French Revolution, it doesn't make me feel very invested because the story just wasn't interesting to me. Game does and sill has bad bugs even after it's disastrous release back when it first released.
I downloaded the Trial version a few months back as it was free. Prior to downloading, I checked that my computer and GPU was adequate enough to run it (an 8gb i7-4770 with a 2gb GTX 750ti was above it's minimum specs) and spent an hour downloading it. Upon playing it however, it was choppy and slow throughout and regardless of whatever low-medium range settings I used to try to remedy these issues (I certainly wasn't expecting high settings at 1080p given my setup anyway) it was still unplayable and was uninstalled around 7 minutes later. So unless the performance issues are patched, I'd best steer clear until these are rectified.
I really wanted to like this game. Unfortunately, I found it frenetic, and the opening levels didn't give the sense of achievement that helps you pursue success at more difficult levels. Having to go around counters which are in your way right from the beginning, is very frustrating. No chef in their right mind would set up such a crappy working layout, and it drove me batty. :(
Terrible boring game, saving the game doesn't work, you always spawn at a checkpoint. Same enemies over and over again. Your basically stuck in a cave all the damn time.  Weak story.
horrible ai dont lots of bugs still eq dosent have enough power frame rate suck also  waste yur money like i did like on 1/2 steam games i have
The mechanics make no sense. Strategy like this should be turn-based or else its just a race of who clicks faster
